RHDEVDOCS-4430 - Loki Log Based Alerting (#57371)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/logging-alertingrule-app-callouts-snip.adoc

.Example application AlertingRule CR
[source,yaml]
----
  apiVersion: loki.grafana.com/v1
  kind: AlertingRule
  metadata:

>     name: loki-operator-alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: app-user-workload
```

>     namespace: openshift-operators-redhat <1>

Reviewer 2: `openshift-*` namespaces are only for the infrastructure tenant. Only an app namespace can be used: 
(cc @periklis please correct me if I am wrong)

```suggestion
    namespace: app-ns
```

    labels: <2>
      openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"
  spec:
    tenantID: "application"
    groups:

>       - name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - name LokiOperatorHighReconciliationError:
```

>       - name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - name: AppUserWorkloadHighError
```

        rules:
          - alert:
            expr: | <3>
        
            for:
            labels:
              severity: critical <4>
            annotations:
              summary:  <5>

>               description:  <6>

Author: @periklis - need example values for the application AlertingRule CR please.

>           - alert:
>             expr: | <3>
>         
>             for:
>             labels:
>               severity: critical <4>
>             annotations:
>               summary:  <5>
>               description:  <6>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          - alert:
            expr: | <3>
            sum(rate({kubernetes_namespace_name="", kubernetes_pod_name=~"podName.*"} |= "error" [1m])) by (job)        
            for: 10s
            labels:
              severity: critical <4>
            annotations:
              summary:  summary message
              description:  detailed description of the rule
```

----

> <1> The `namespace` where this AlertingRule is created needs to have a label matching the LokiStack `spec.rules.namespaceSelector` definition.
> <2> The labels block needs to match the LokiStack `spec.rules.selector` definition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> The `namespace` where this AlertingRule is created must have a label matching the LokiStack `spec.rules.namespaceSelector` definition.
<2> The `labels` block must match the LokiStack `spec.rules.selector` definition.
```

Reviewer 3: You can ignore suggestions to replace "needs to" with "must." These suggestions are purely for clarity and minimalism - not an error.

<3> Value for `kubernetes_namespace_name:` must match the value for `metadata.namespace`.
<4> Mandatory field. Must be `critical`, `warning`, or `info`.

> <5> Mandatory field.
> <6> Mandatory field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> Mandatory field. Summary message
<6> Mandatory field. Detailed description of the rule
```
